Update BEMAN_STANDARD: REPOSITORY.CODEOWNERS (#99)
bemanproject/beman: docs/BEMAN_STANDARD.md

Bad examples: `smartpointer` or `optional26`.

**[REPOSITORY.CODEOWNERS]** REQUIREMENT: There must be a `.github/CODEOWNERS` file

> with a relevant set of codeowners. [@bemanproject/beman-codeowner](https://github.com/orgs/bemanproject/teams/beman-codeowners/repositories) must be the first present entry, followed by local codeowners. Please check [exemplar: CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS).

Reviewer: If we stick with `default-codeowners` as the name for default reviewers.

I suggest leaving a comment here explaining this team is included to speed up review, as it is my personal opinion that the motivation behind this rule might be unclear.

Author: I added that comment.

> with a relevant set of codeowners, starting with the local codeowners and ending with [@bemanproject/default-codeowners](https://github.com/orgs/bemanproject/teams/default-codeowners) (to speed up code review).  Please check [exemplar: CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS).

Reviewer 2: suggest we add a reference to github codeowners info https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners

> with a relevant set of codeowners, starting with the local codeowners and ending with [@bemanproject/default-codeowners](https://github.com/orgs/bemanproject/teams/default-codeowners) (to speed up code review).  Please check [exemplar: CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS).

Author: ```suggestion
with a relevant set of codeowners, starting with the local codeowners and ending with [@bemanproject/principal-codeowners](https://github.com/orgs/bemanproject/teams/principal-codeowners) (to speed up code review).  Please check [exemplar: CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS).
```

> with a relevant set of codeowners, starting with the local codeowners and ending with [@bemanproject/principal-codeowners](https://github.com/orgs/bemanproject/teams/principal-codeowners) (to speed up code review).  Please check [exemplar: CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
with a relevant set of codeowners, starting with the local codeowners and ending with [@bemanproject/core-reviewers](https://github.com/orgs/bemanproject/teams/principal-codeowners) (a group of Beman regulars who offered to help generally with code reviews).  Please check [exemplar: CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS).
```
